Flesh out documentation (#47)
ebi-gene-expression-group/db-scxa: README.md

# Module for Single Cell Expression Atlas database loading (v0.2.3)  

An AtlasProd module for loading scxa-* tables data to postgres >=10. Release v0.2.3 was used for the May 2020 Data release of Singe Cell Expression Atlas.

For direct usage, this module requires Rscript (with optparse and tidyr, in Ubuntu and Debian-based distributions install packages `r-cran-optparse` and `r-cran-tidyr`), psql and node.

# `scxa_analytics` Table

## Create schema

> Currently, schema for postgres scxa-* tables is stored at https://github.com/ebi-gene-expression-group/atlas/tree/dev/atlas-misc/scripts/db_updates. In time, the schema will be either consumed from this or a dedicated repo.

Reviewer: Do we need to point this line at atlas-schemas instead now?

> Currently, schema for postgres scxa-* tables is stored at https://github.com/ebi-gene-expression-group/atlas/tree/dev/atlas-misc/scripts/db_updates. In time, the schema will be either consumed from this or a dedicated repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, schema for postgres scxa-* tables is stored at https://github.com/ebi-gene-expression-group/atlas-schemas/tree/master/flyway/scxa.
```
Agreed!
